1997-12-21

This is the bsd-games package for Linux, containing ports of all the
games from NetBSD-current that are free in the usual sense
(i.e. modified and unmodified versions can be freely distributed,
including for profit).  Two games that were in this package up to
version 1.3, boggle and paranoia, are now distributed separately
because of restrictive copyrights.  If you want them, get the
bsd-games-non-free package, which will unpack into a `bsd-games-n.n'
directory like this one does, and read the README.non-free that it
contains.  (Paranoia isn't actually from NetBSD).  Rogue is also in
bsd-games-non-free.  This probably won't be available from tsx-11, but
may be on sunsite.  You can also build bsd-games-non-free separately;
it contains some of the same files, which are all exact duplicates.
If the only subdirectories you have are boggle, hangman, include,
paranoia and rogue, then you have just bsd-games-non-free.  The other
two games in NetBSD-current, as of the time of writing, are hack and
larn; they have no statement at all of the conditions under which they
can be distrbiuted, and so are not in bsd-games-non-free either.

The games are mostly not enhanced from the NetBSD versions, but some
bugs are fixed.

The games should work with ncurses (3.0, 3.4, 4.0 or 4.1 at least).
They may also work with curses/termcap, but this is not tested by me.
They should work with both libc5 and libc6 (glibc 2).  Note however
that I don't test all possible combinations of libraries for each
release, so tell me if some versions don't work.

For the current release, libc6 support is BETA level only and the
games may not even compile, but they should be much closer to
compiling with libc6 than in version 1.4.  Version 1.5 compiled with
libc6 with only a few changes, so hopefully this version will as well.

You need to configure the package with `./configure'.  You should read
any README.linux files for the games you plan to install. You can make
each game individually or do a make in the top level directory to make
everything.  The `Makefile.bsd' files are the original BSD makefiles.
See the file `INSTALL' for detailed installation instructions.

Here's what we have so far:

adventure:	the original adventure by Crowther and Woods
arithmetic:	arithmetic quiz/speed test
atc:		air traffic control
backgammon:	backgammon
banner:		display a message in big letters
battlestar:	adventure game on a battlestar
bcd:		outputs text in an antique form
caesar:		reads fortunes from the game fortune, also some internet posts
canfield:	curses-based solitaire
countmail:	tell you how much new mail you have
cribbage:	cribbage
dm:		dungeon master, regulates games playing
factor:		factor a number
fish:		go fish
fortune:	displays a random silly message
gomoku:		gomoku
hangman:	guess the word before it is too late
hunt:		hunt each other in a maze (multiplayer -- great)
mille:		mille borne against the computer
monop:		monopoly
morse:		output morse code
number:		output the English text for a number
phantasia:	interterminal fantasy game
pig:		output text in Pig Latin
pom:		display the phase of the moon
ppt:		outputs text in another antique form
primes:		generate primes
quiz:		random knowledge tests
rain:		attempts to create a rain drop effect (best at 9600 baud)
random:		random lines from a file or random numbers
robots:		well... avoid the robots
sail:		sail your ship into battle
snake:		grab the cash and avoid the snake and exit
tetris:		tetris
trek:		We come in peace, shoot to kill.  It's worse than that, he's
		dead Jim.  Ye cannot change the laws of physics.  It's life
		Jim, but not as we know it.  There's Klingons on the starboard
		bow ...
wargames:	would you like to play a game?
worm:		eat the numbers without running into anything
worms:		random worms scurrying across your screen
wump:		hunt the wumpus

If you have questions about bsd-games or bsd-games-non-free you can
contact me at <jsm28@cam.ac.uk>.  Bug reports should state the
versions of ncurses and libc used.  If you want to be informed by
email of new releases when they come out, please let me know.

Joseph S. Myers
jsm28@cam.ac.uk
